Now lets see how to add routing to links in
our app using the routerLink directive.
And all we need to do is use routerLink to
bind to whichever route want shown.
So you can think of the routerLink as a replacement
for the href tag.
The trickiest part about this is remembering
to wrap the link location first in double
quotes, then brackets, and then again in single
quotes.
Here, we’re saying bind the menu link of
All Books to the route we defined in our app.module
file called books.
And when the link is clicked it takes us to
our localhost:3000/books.
So lets open our app.component html file.
We’ll scroll down a bit and edit our navbar
All Books link so that we’re using our routerLink
and binding to our books route.
Now, as you may recall – we’re already
using this books route as the default view
when a user enters our app.
So lets instead make books a route that we
can navigate to by clicking a button or this
nav menu link.
This means we’ll be adding a new HomeComponent
to display when a user first enters the application.
So here’s a challenge for you.
See if can create a new component named HomeComponent.
Then make HomeComponent the default view when
a user enters your app.
And also set up new links to both our All
Books route when a user clicks a button as
well as our home route in the nav menu.
You could use something like a bootstrap jumbotron
for the home.component html file and then
edit this button link to navigate to our books
route when clicked.